# Finding-a-Square-in-2-D-Arrays
INTRODUCTION
# 1: - Summary of your project 
The project is writing a simple game. The game is square Dot game which the number of Dots and the points given by the instructor although the number of the lines also provided by the instructor. The second part of the game is using the array. I use the Square array with the given size. I use all Arrays with initialize Zero with the initial Value. The third part of the game is the crossing line of making the specific point with one by given points in the pdf. The fourth point is the using the rectangle formula or the of the Edge. The code gives the value for on side one if the point has the two side than it turns two 2. The main idea of code is this. First point is for example has only row value and doesn’t has the column than the array of that point turns into one otherwise the code turns to 2 when the code has two side column and row. The last part is searching part. The code does this part with two different part. After specifying the given points, the code search for the small value with the loops as well as for the big value of rectangle. The size of the loop is depending on the number of lines. The most important point is the is this Because the code search for the loop Separately. 

# 2: - What is the problem that you will deal with?
The problem which is given is the making a game which is called Dot game. The most important part of the assignment or this project is using the input and output file. I read all necessary values from the Input.txt file. And write the result in Output.txt file. The most two important step is this. The second most important part is making an algorithm for the code. My algorithm is using array for help. I declare an Array for this portion. The array gives me the points with the initializing the values. The third part is using the search part for the searching the closed rectangle. This step is the most second important step of my code. The last step is giving the output for the Output.txt file. 
# 3: - What model/method/algorithm that you will apply the problem
The algorithm that I used for this project is simple. The first step of my algorithm is creating the 2D array with the given size. And I initialize the all Array Value with zero. For this step I use function. Inside the function I use loop statement. The second part of my code is processing point of the algorithm. This part is the most important part of my code. I make changes in initialized array in given points. Inside this part I use 2D array. In given points in pdf firstly I made changes in row and initialize the given points with one and I use loop statement for making changes inside the zero array. In the second part I Use the loop statement for making changes inside the column with the given points and make change to the point with After Doing this part initialize the array and the process function. The next step is searching step of my code. The code is search separately for the small rectangle as well as for the big rectangle part. For doing this part I use another function called search function. The function gets the Array and the size of the array and the function get two another value with call by reference for the returning the number of the small rectangle as well as the big one. I use the loop statements for the searching part of the small rectangle and the big rectangle. The first part is search one by one the all value of the array. And count the two values inside the array. If the value of two is enough for one rectangle the counter is going to be sum by one. The same algorithm continues until the last rectangle of the array. The same process is done for the big rectangle part.

